Azure ad graph test playbook (#14832)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureActiveDirectory/ReleaseNotes/1_1_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Active Directory Identity Protection (Beta)

> - Solved an issue where fetch incidents didnm't work due to time zone mismatches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents** would fail due to mismatching time zones.
```
